When I was in Asia, I was with Singapore
Airlines is a huge customer of ours and
has been for a long time. Yeah. And
they, of course, they're running sales
and service and Slack and marketing, all
the things you expect. But the power of
Singapore Airlines is that the CEO, his
name is Go, by the way. So, let's go.
The incredible visionary CEO and he's
building an agentic layer over the
airline. And that was very motivating
because here within a year we're going
from idea to this point where these
customers are able to deploy a huge
amount of value in a relatively short
period of time. Yeah. So many folks talk
about we can talk about a little bit if
we don't run out of time about AI for
changing coding and programming. You
talked about freezing hiring and
engineering. I want to get to that. But
most folks are not don't have visibility
into the contact center. It's just as
transformational in one year. It's crazy
the transformation of the contact
center, isn't it? Agentforce is at the
bleeding edge of it. It's so fast. Look
at Salesforce. Salesforce has helped.
Salesforce.com. We have 9,000 support
agents. We've already done more than a
half a million of these interactions
with customers and agents. But that
idea, I think, is pretty big and pretty
incredible. Yeah, it is. Do you I know
it's a I know it's maybe a complicated
topic but I'm seeing I've invested early
in a bunch of folks in the contact
center gorgeous which has 20,000 Shopify
customers and talk desk in the
Salesforce ecosystem. I'm seeing folks
already reducing headcount there 30%.
Already 30% in a year. It's crazy. What
any thoughts on that? I'm thinking that
I would like to try to do that myself
and I that's a big idea. I can deploy
those resources to other parts of the
company where I desperately need more
help and more capability. And I
encourage customers to really look at
that. That said, customers, especially
large companies like ours, the ability
to do something like that in a material
way, it takes time. Yeah. It's that old
phrase, people overestimate what you're
going to do in a year and underestimate
what you're going to do in a decade.
And that is where we are with this as
well which is that yes we can say this
is what's going to happen to the contact
center but we might be saying that a
year from now or two years from now
still and then incrementally we'll have
more examples we have pioneers people
have done it but we're still at the
beginning of a lot of these
opportunities. Yeah. Have you So we
rolled out a little AI just on Sster
itself. We had 30,000 conversations in
one month, which is pretty crazy. And a
lot of one of the things that surprised
me, I thought I knew about AI until I
saw it on the other side. I'm s What's
really interesting how people do things
you wouldn't expect. Do things you
wouldn't expect, right? Like today,
someone had a half an hour board
discussion about how to work with their
board. They up they shared their board
deck. They reached out to me. They did
every You wouldn't expect it, right? Any
things you've seen that are unexpected?
I think some of the things that I've
seen that are unexpected are also
expected. And I think like we've and I
like talking about some of these
customer stories. Yeah. The Singapore
Airlines story, the Salesforce story,
this idea that we're doing already done
a half a million conversations as we
kind of head to Dreamforce. I'm sure
that we'll get into the millions. Yep.
And then when I see like really solid
customers of ours, LAR, which is one of
the largest home builders in the United
States for years, they've had this
vision that they've talked to us about
of not just using our apps, they use all
of our apps and do all the customer
work, but how can they really provide
more service to their customers, how can
they provide more revenue lines to their
customers? And that idea that has become
very real. That's actually happening
right now. that idea is going down that
this is going to be something that these
customers are going to be served by
these agents and for LAR they have given
us incredible revenue projections based
on what they have found and I think that
is going to be something that we're
going to see with a lot of customers. I
think a lot of customers going to all of
a sudden start to experiment and I'll
tell you the most exciting thing like
since we're in the LAR zone. Yeah. They
called me originally CEO Steuart is
incredible person father was the founder
of the company and he said our guys went
to Dreamforce they came back and we did
a hackathon here on agent force.